Update documentation welcome page (#3370)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/index.md

---
title: Welcome
order: 0
---
Welcome to the Rerun documentation page.

> To get a feeling of what you can do, browse the [example gallery](/examples) or try Rerun directly [in your browser](https://app.rerun.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a feeling of what you can do, browse the [example gallery](/examples) or try Rerun directly [in your browser](https://demo.rerun.io/).
```

## What is Rerun?

Rerun is an SDK and engine for visualizing and interacting with multimodal data streams.

Rerun is
- Simple to integrate and get started with
- Usable from Python, Rust, and soon C++
- Powerful, flexible, and extensible
- Built in Rust to be cross platform and fast
- Open source, dual licensed under MIT and Apache 2

Rerun is used by engineers and researchers in fields like computer vision and robotics
to verify, debug, and demo.

> For a list of currently supported data types, see [loggable data types](reference/data_types.md).

Reviewer: should mention in the same breath that you can add custom types

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
For a list of built-in data types [loggable data types](reference/data_types.md).
You can also easily add custom data types.
```
but we don't have a good link for custom data types, do we?
